Episode 25, Elizabeth
“Haydiniv!” George said, “Long time no see.
This is Elizabeth – the one who knocked the door and
scared you away in the hotel all those years ago.”
Haydiniv nodded his head, concentrating on driving away from the palace as quickly as possible.
He was a scruffy fellow with a shaggy beard and a nervous look – just how George had described him.
“The truth is,” Haydiniv said, “ it’s a miracle that I’m not either dead or in prison.”
He pulled over to the side of the road, jumped out, and quicker than a Formula
One team, he changed the licence plates on the front and back of the car.
As we drove off, he commented, “People say I’m paranoid, but it’s my paranoia that keeps me alive.”
George had kept Haydiniv’s phone number all of these
years and we had long been planning to meet him.
Of course, if Haydiniv had heard that George and I were about to get into bed with
Miki, that we were future ministers, he probably wouldn’t be so keen to meet us!
As George began debating politics with Haydiniv, I tuned out
in the backseat and stared at the countryside flashing by.
My thoughts turned to daydreams about the future - Miki was struggling
to turn the country around, but the three of us together could do it!
With my background in PR, I would be well-suited to a position as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
I would deal with world leaders on a daily basis and fly to Washington to meet Obama…
Perhaps, in time, I would become the First Lady of Ankhazastan… I could see the statues
of me by Miki’s side… We could even get a Nobel Prize if our reforms were successful…
I snapped back to reality to find George arguing with Haydiniv.
George was defending Miki:
“I have known him for a long time.
He’s a good man.”
While Haydiniv was describing Miki in the most brutal way.
“ He is terrible leader.
He is thief and war-maker.”
“ You’re exaggerating,” said George, “and as for being
a warmonger, I suppose you’re going to show us proof?”
“ YES”, said Haydiniv with great determination.
I will give you proof.
We drive for one hour and I will give you proof.”